annot: season the bread crumbs with black pepper and salt
ACTID: 0
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the bread crumbs (-1)
[PP, food, with] black pepper (-1),  salt (-1)
annot: coating sliced chicken breasts with flour mixture
ACTID: 1
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] sliced chicken breasts (-1)
[PP, food, with] flour mixture (-1)
annot: coating of eggs and bread crumbs
ACTID: 2
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] (1)
[PP, food, of] eggs (-1), bread crumbs (0)
annot: put oil in the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: fry the chicken for 10 mins
ACTID: 4
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (2)
[PP, other, for] 10 min (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Pour some sauce on the plate
ACTID: 5
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some sauce (-1)
[PP, location, on] the plate (-1)
annot: put the chicken on it
ACTID: 6
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (4)
[PP, food, on] it (5)
annot: put more sauce on top of it
ACTID: 7
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] more sauce (-1)
[PP, food, on] top of it (6)
annot: Bake the chicken in the oven at 400 degrees for 15 mins
ACTID: 8
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (7)
[PP, location, in] the oven at 400 degrees for 15 mins (-1)
annot: Put some mozzarella cheese on the chicken
ACTID: 9
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] some mozzarella cheese (-1)
[PP, food, on] the chicken (8)
annot: melt the mozzarella by putting the chicken in the oven for 5 mins
ACTID: 10
PRED: melt
[DOBJ, food] the mozzarella (9)
annot: Cook some pasta in the pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some pasta (-1)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: mix it with the sauce and pecorino cheese
ACTID: 12
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
[PP, food, with] the sauce (-1), pecorino cheese (-1)
annot: Take the chicken out of the oven
ACTID: 13
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] (10)
[PP, location, of] the oven (-1)